src/pages/_docs/searchableDropdown.mdx, before:

import Head from 'next/head';
import { x } from '@xstyled/emotion';
import { MDXWrapper } from '@elements/MDXWrapper';
import { SearchableDropdown } from '@atoms/index';

<MDXWrapper>
<Head>
	<title>Searchable Dropdown Doc | OORSIG</title>
</Head>
# Searchable Dropdown

## Introduction

The `Searchable Dropdown` component is a custom dropdown implementation using `downshift` and `@xstyled/emotion` libraries.

## Props

### options (required)

An array of objects representing the options in the dropdown.
Each object should have a label, value and imgSrc property. For example:

```
const options = [
  { label: 'Option 1', value: 'option1', imgSrc: 'src1' },
  { label: 'Option 2', value: 'option2', imgSrc: 'src2' },
  { label: 'Option 3', value: 'option3', imgSrc: 'src3' },
];
```

### placeholder (optional)

A string that specifies the placeholder text to be displayed in the dropdown when no option is selected. Default value is "Search option".

### label (optional)

A string representing the label of the dropdown. This label will be displayed above the dropdown. Default value is "Searchable Dropdown".

## Basic Usage

This is just a basic usage and customization example.

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import { SearchableDropdown } from '@atoms/index';

const options = [
  {
    label: 'Option 1',
    value: 'option1',
    imgSrc: 'https://placeimg.com/640/480/nature?t=1684216846749',
  },
  {
    label: 'Option 2',
    value: 'option2',
    imgSrc: 'https://placeimg.com/640/480/nature?t=1684216846749',
  },
  {
    label: 'Option 3',
    value: 'option3',
    imgSrc: 'https://placeimg.com/640/480/nature?t=1684216846749',
  },
];

<SearchableDropdown
  options={options}
  placeholder="Search Team"
  label="Select Team"
/>;
```

<x.div>
  <SearchableDropdown
    options={[
      { label: 'Option 1', value: 'option1', imgSrc: 'https://placeimg.com/640/480/nature?t=1684216846749' },
      { label: 'Option 2', value: 'option2', imgSrc: 'https://placeimg.com/640/480/nature?t=1684216846749' },
      { label: 'Option 3', value: 'option3', imgSrc: 'https://placeimg.com/640/480/nature?t=1684216846749'  },
    ]}
    placeholder="Search Team"
    label="Select Team"
  />
</x.div>
</MDXWrapper>

Commit message:

add customization for input search and img size

src/pages/_docs/searchableDropdown.mdx, after:

import Head from 'next/head';
import { x } from '@xstyled/emotion';
import { MDXWrapper } from '@elements/MDXWrapper';
import { SearchableDropdown } from '@atoms/index';

<MDXWrapper>
<Head>
	<title>Searchable Dropdown Doc | OORSIG</title>
</Head>
# Searchable Dropdown

## Introduction

The `Searchable Dropdown` component is a custom dropdown implementation using `downshift` and `@xstyled/emotion` libraries.

## Props

### options (required)

An array of objects representing the options in the dropdown.
Each object should have a label, value and imgSrc property. For example:

```
const options = [
  { label: 'Option 1', value: 'option1', imgSrc: 'src1' },
  { label: 'Option 2', value: 'option2', imgSrc: 'src2' },
  { label: 'Option 3', value: 'option3', imgSrc: 'src3' },
];
```

### placeholder (optional)

A string that specifies the placeholder text to be displayed in the dropdown when no option is selected. Default value is "Search option".

### label (optional)

A string representing the label of the dropdown. This label will be displayed above the dropdown. Default value is "Searchable Dropdown".

### imgSize (optional)

a string to set the size of the option image. Defaults to `1.875rem`.

### isSearchable
a boolean to determine whether the input field for searching should be displayed. Defaults to false.

## Basic Usage

This is just a basic usage and customization example.

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import { SearchableDropdown } from '@atoms/index';

const options = [
  {
    label: 'Option 1',
    value: 'option1',
    imgSrc: 'profile.jpeg',
  },
  {
    label: 'Option 2',
    value: 'option2',
    imgSrc: 'profile.jpeg',
  },
  {
    label: 'Option 3',
    value: 'option3',
    imgSrc: 'profile.jpeg',
  },
];

<SearchableDropdown
  options={options}
  placeholder="Search Team"
  label="Select Team"
  imgSize="2rem"
  isSearchable="true"
/>;
```

<x.div>
  <SearchableDropdown
    options={[
      { label: 'Option 1', value: 'option1', imgSrc: '/profile.jpeg' },
      { label: 'Option 2', value: 'option2', imgSrc: '/profile.jpeg' },
      { label: 'Option 3', value: 'option3', imgSrc: '/profile.jpeg'  },
    ]}
    placeholder="Search Team"
    label="Select Team"
    imgSize='2rem'
    isSearchable="true"
  />
</x.div>
</MDXWrapper>
